Add segment replication + remote store GA information (#5037)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _tuning-your-cluster/availability-and-recovery/segment-replication/index.md

- When experiencing very high loads, you want to add new nodes but don't want to index all data immediately.
- OpenSearch cluster deployments with low replica counts, such as those used for log analytics.

## Remote store

> As of OpenSearch 2.10, segment replication now supports two methods for storing replica shards:

Reviewer: I am not sure if "two methods for storing replica shards" is the right term. May be 2 methods of hydrating data from primary shards to replica shards.

Author: Lets be more generic and say "...two methods for segment replication."

> As of OpenSearch 2.10, segment replication now supports two methods for storing replica shards:

Author: ```suggestion
As of OpenSearch 2.10, you can use two methods for segment replication:
```

> - With **remote-backed storage**, a persistent storage solution: The primary shard sends segment files to the remote-backed storage and the replica shards source the copy from the same store. For more information about using a remote-backed storage, see [Remote-backed storage]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/tuning-your-cluster/availability-and-recovery/remote-store/index/#segment-replication-and-remote-backed-storage).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- **Remote-backed storage**, a persistent storage solution: The primary shard sends segment files to the remote-backed storage, and the replica shards source the copy from the same store. For more information about using remote-backed storage, see [Remote-backed storage]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/tuning-your-cluster/availability-and-recovery/remote-store/index/#segment-replication-and-remote-backed-storage).
```

> - Using with a **Remote Store**, a persistent storage solution where you can store data more durably, the primary shard mirrors segments to the remote store and the replica shard hydrates the copy from the same store. For more information about using a remote store, see [Remote backend storage]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/tuning-your-cluster/availability-and-recovery/remote-store/index/#segment-replication-and-remote-backed-storage)

Author: ```suggestion
- Using with a **Remote Store**, a persistent storage solution where you can store data more durably, the primary shard mirrors segments to the remote store and the replica shard hydrates the copy from the same store. For more information about using a remote store, see [Remote backend storage]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/tuning-your-cluster/availability-and-recovery/remote-store/index/#segment-replication-and-remote-backed-storage).
```

> - Using a **Remote Store**, a remote storage solution where you can store shards, your primary replica uploads segments to the remote store. Then, you can down the replica shards from that store. For more information about using a remote store, see [Remote backend storage]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/tuning-your-cluster/availability-and-recovery/remote-store/index/#segment-replication-and-remote-backed-storage)

Reviewer 3: `you can store shards, your primary replica uploads segments to the remote store`

I think we can remove `you can store shards` from above phrase (and other places) as we not storing everything inside the index shards. For e.g. segment_N, write.lock etc. Also, with remote store we are not storing the shard metadata onto remote store. I think we should only state that with remote store, segments (data) files are stored on remote store. @sachinpkale please correct me if I am wrong.

Reviewer 3: >  Then, you can down the

download ?

> - Using a **Remote Store**, a remote storage solution where you can store shards, your primary replica uploads segments to the remote store. Then, you can down the replica shards from that store. For more information about using a remote store, see [Remote backend storage]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/tuning-your-cluster/availability-and-recovery/remote-store/index/#segment-replication-and-remote-backed-storage)

Author: ```suggestion
- Using a **Remote Store**, a remote storage solution where you can store shards, your primary replica uploads segments to the remote store. Then you can download the replica shards from that store. For more information about using a remote store, see [Remote backend storage]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/tuning-your-cluster/availability-and-recovery/remote-store/index/#segment-replication-and-remote-backed-storage)
```

> - Using a **Remote Store**, a remote storage solution where you can store shards, your primary replica uploads segments to the remote store. Then you can download the replica shards from that store. For more information about using a remote store, see [Remote backend storage]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/tuning-your-cluster/availability-and-recovery/remote-store/index/#segment-replication-and-remote-backed-storage)
> - Without a remote store, where replica shards will directly sync segments from the primary shard using node-to-node communication.
> 

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
- Using a **Remote Store**, a persistent storage solution where you can store data more durably, the primary copy mirrors segments to the remote store and the replica copy hydrates the copy from the same store. For more information about using a remote store, see [Remote backend storage]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/tuning-your-cluster/availability-and-recovery/remote-store/index/#segment-replication-and-remote-backed-storage)
- Without a remote store, where replica copies will directly sync segments from the primary shard using node-to-node communication.

```

> - Without remote-backed storage: The primary shard sends segment files directly to the replica shards using node-to-node communication.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- No remote-backed storage: The primary shard sends segment files directly to the replica shards using node-to-node communication.
```

> - Without remote-backed storage: The primary shard sends segment files directly to the replica shards using node-to-node communication.

Reviewer 2: Can we call the second method what it is, as opposed to what it isn't? Node-to-node replication?

```
{% include copy-curl.html %}

> If you're using a remote-backed storage, add the `remote_store` property to the index request body. For more information, see [Create an index]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/tuning-your-cluster/availability-and-recovery/remote-store/index/#create-an-index).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you're using remote-backed storage, add the `remote_store` property to the index request body. For more information, see [Create an index]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/tuning-your-cluster/availability-and-recovery/remote-store/index/#create-an-index).
```

> When using node-to-node replication, the primary shard consumes higher network bandwidth because it pushes segment files to all the replica shards. Thus, it's beneficial to distribute primary shards equally between the nodes. To ensure balanced primary shard distribution, set the dynamic `cluster.routing.allocation.balance.prefer_primary` setting to `true`. For more information, see [Cluster settings]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/api-reference/cluster-api/cluster-settings/).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When using node-to-node replication, the primary shard consumes more network bandwidth because it pushes segment files to all the replica shards. Thus, it's beneficial to distribute primary shards equally between the nodes. To ensure balanced primary shard distribution, set the dynamic `cluster.routing.allocation.balance.prefer_primary` setting to `true`. For more information, see [Cluster settings]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/api-reference/cluster-api/cluster-settings/).
```

> If you're using a remote store, add the `remote_store` property to the index request body. For more information, see [Create an index]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/tuning-your-cluster/availability-and-recovery/remote-store/index/#create-an-index).
> 
> When using node-to-node replication, the primary shard is usually generating more network traffic than the replicas because it copies segment files to the replicas. Thus, it's beneficial to distribute primary shards equally between the nodes. To ensure balanced primary shard distribution, set the dynamic `cluster.routing.allocation.balance.prefer_primary` setting to `true`. For more information, see [Cluster settings]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/api-reference/cluster-api/cluster-settings/).

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
If you're using a remote store, add the `remote_store` property to the index request body. For more information, see [Create an index]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/tuning-your-cluster/availability-and-recovery/remote-store/index/#create-an-index).

When using node-to-node replication, the primary shard consumes higher network bandwidth because it pushes segment files to all the replica shards. Thus, it's beneficial to distribute primary shards equally between the nodes. To ensure balanced primary shard distribution, set the dynamic `cluster.routing.allocation.balance.prefer_primary` setting to `true`. For more information, see [Cluster settings]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/api-reference/cluster-api/cluster-settings/).
```

> When using segment replication without a remote store, the primary shard is usually generating more network traffic than the replicas because it copies segment files to the replicas. Thus, it's beneficial to distribute primary shards equally between the nodes. To ensure balanced primary shard distribution, set the dynamic `cluster.routing.allocation.balance.prefer_primary` setting to `true`. For more information, see [Cluster settings]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/api-reference/cluster-api/cluster-settings/).

Reviewer 3: +1

> When using segment replication without a remote store, the primary shard is usually generating more network traffic than the replicas because it copies segment files to the replicas. Thus, it's beneficial to distribute primary shards equally between the nodes. To ensure balanced primary shard distribution, set the dynamic `cluster.routing.allocation.balance.prefer_primary` setting to `true`. For more information, see [Cluster settings]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/api-reference/cluster-api/cluster-settings/).

Author: ```suggestion
When using node-to-node replication, the primary shard is usually generating more network traffic than the replicas because it copies segment files to the replicas. Thus, it's beneficial to distribute primary shards equally between the nodes. To ensure balanced primary shard distribution, set the dynamic `cluster.routing.allocation.balance.prefer_primary` setting to `true`. For more information, see [Cluster settings]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/api-reference/cluster-api/cluster-settings/).
```

1. Enabling segment replication for an existing index requires [reindexing](https://github.com/opensearch-project/OpenSearch/issues/3685).
1. [Cross-cluster replication](https://github.com/opensearch-project/OpenSearch/issues/4090) does not currently use segment replication to copy between clusters.
1. Segment replication is not compatible with [document-level monitors]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/observing-your-data/alerting/api/#document-level-monitors), which are used with the [Alerting]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/install-and-configure/plugins/) and [Security Analytics]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/security-analytics/index/) plugins. The plugins also use the latest available data on replica shards when using the `immediate` refresh policy, and segment replication can delay the policy's availability, resulting in stale replica shards.

> 1. Segment replication leads to increased network congestion on primary shards when not using a remote store. With a remote store, the primary shard can upload segments to the remote store, then you can down replicas from the same store. 

Author: ```suggestion
1. Segment replication leads to increased network congestion on primary shards using node-to-node replication. With a remote store, the primary shard can upload segments to the remote store, then you can download replicas from the same store. 
```

> 1. Segment replication leads to increased network congestion on primary shards when not using a remote store. With a remote store, the primary shard can upload segments to the remote store, then you can down replicas from the same store. 

Reviewer: To be more specific, for SegRep node to node there will be more network congestions on primaries, since replicas will fetch updates (Indexed Data) from primary, While on SegRep remote store, replicas will fetch updates from remote store. which means we are offloading the responsibility from primary to remote store (Like S3)

> 1. Segment replication leads to increased network congestion on primary shards when not using a remote store. With a remote store, the primary shard can upload segments to the remote store, then you can down replicas from the same store. 

Author: Updated.

> 1. Segment replication leads to increased network congestion on primary shards using node-to-node replication, because replica shards fetch updates from the primary shard. With a remote-backed storage, the primary shard can upload segments to the remote-backed storage and the replicas can fetch updates from the remote-backed storage. This helps offload responsibilities from the primary shard to the remote-backed storage.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Segment replication leads to increased network congestion on primary shards using node-to-node replication because replica shards fetch updates from the primary shard. With remote-backed storage, the primary shard can upload segments to, and the replicas can fetch updates from, the remote-backed storage. This helps offload responsibilities from the primary shard to the remote-backed storage.
```

> 1. Read-after-write (RAW) guarantees: As of OpenSearch 2.10, RAW guarantees are supported when using [`get`]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/api-reference/document-apis/get-documents/) or [`mget`]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/api-reference/document-apis/multi-get/) API operations, or through searching with `_primary`.

Reviewer 3: 1. `_primary` -> `_primary preference` along with documentation link
2.  With `DOCUMENT` replication, `wait_for` is mechanism that provides strong reads on write path (i.e. indexing operation) by refreshing replica shards inside same indexing request. SEGMENT replication still does not support wait_for i.e. RAW in write path. Though, for users interested in having RAW guarantees need to achieve it in read paths by using get/mget/_primary. 

```suggestion
Read-after-write guarantees: Segment replication does not currently support setting the refresh policy to `wait_for`.  If you set the `refresh` query parameter to `wait_for` and then ingest documents, you'll get a response only after the primary node has refreshed and made those documents searchable. Replica shards will respond only after having written to their local translog. If realtime reads are needed, please consider using [`get`]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/api-reference/document-apis/get-documents/) or [`mget`]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/api-reference/document-apis/multi-get/) API operations, or through searching with `_primary` preference (documentation link?)
```

1. As of OpenSearch 2.10, system indexes are now supported inside segment replication. 

> 1. Get, MultiGet, TermVector, and MultiTermVector requests serve strong reads by routing requests to the primary shards. In a read heavy cluster, we recommend setting the `realtime` parameter in these requests to `false`, especially with listed request types.

Author: I need a little more context to address this comment.

> 1. Get, MultiGet, TermVector, and MultiTermVector requests serve strong reads by routing requests to the primary shards. In a read heavy cluster, we recommend setting the `realtime` parameter in these requests to `false`, especially with listed request types.

Reviewer: Routing Get, mGet and termVector requests to primary could hurt performance in read heavy cases or if primary is overloaded. Since there will be more requests to be handled by primary shards instead of distributing this across primary and replica shards. For more details: https://github.com/opensearch-project/OpenSearch/issues/8700

> 1. Get, MultiGet, TermVector, and MultiTermVector requests serve strong reads by routing requests to the primary shards. In a read heavy cluster, we recommend setting the `realtime` parameter in these requests to `false`, especially with listed request types.

Author: Awesome! Thank you!

> Read-after-write guarantees: Segment replication does not currently support setting the refresh policy to `wait_for`.  If you set the `refresh` query parameter to `wait_for` and then ingest documents, you'll get a response only after the primary node has refreshed and made those documents searchable. Replica shards will respond only after having written to their local translog. If realtime reads are needed, please consider using [`get`]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/api-reference/document-apis/get-documents/) or [`mget`]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/api-reference/document-apis/multi-get/) API operations, or through searching with `_primary` preference (documentation link?)

Author: ```suggestion
Read-after-write guarantees: Segment replication does not currently support setting the refresh policy to `wait_for`.  If you set the `refresh` query parameter to `wait_for` and then ingest documents, you'll get a response only after the primary node has refreshed and made those documents searchable. Replica shards will respond only after having written to their local translog. If realtime reads are needed, consider using [`get`]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/api-reference/document-apis/get-documents/) or [`mget`]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/api-reference/document-apis/multi-get/) API operations, or through searching with `_primary` preference (documentation link?)
```

> Read-after-write guarantees: Segment replication does not currently support setting the refresh policy to `wait_for`.  If you set the `refresh` query parameter to `wait_for` and then ingest documents, you'll get a response only after the primary node has refreshed and made those documents searchable. Replica shards will respond only after having written to their local translog. If realtime reads are needed, consider using [`get`]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/api-reference/document-apis/get-documents/) or [`mget`]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/api-reference/document-apis/multi-get/) API operations. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Read-after-write guarantees: Segment replication does not currently support setting the refresh policy to `wait_for`. If you set the `refresh` query parameter to `wait_for` and then ingest documents, you'll get a response only after the primary node has refreshed and made those documents searchable. Replica shards will respond only after having written to their local translog. If real-time reads are needed, consider using the [`get`]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/api-reference/document-apis/get-documents/) or [`mget`]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/api-reference/document-apis/multi-get/) API operations. 
```

> 1. Get, MultiGet, TermVector, and MultiTermVector requests serve strong reads by routing requests to the primary shards. In a read heavy cluster, we recommend setting the `realtime` parameter in these requests to `false`, especially with listed request types.

Author: ```suggestion
1. Get, MultiGet, TermVector, and MultiTermVector requests serve strong reads by routing requests to the primary shards. This can hurt performance since more requests are handled by the primary shards versus distributing requests across primary and replicate shards. To help with performance in read heavy clusters, we recommend setting the `realtime` parameter in these requests to `false`, especially with listed request types.
```

> 1. Get, MultiGet, TermVector, and MultiTermVector requests serve strong reads by routing requests to the primary shards. This can hurt performance since more requests are handled by the primary shards versus distributing requests across primary and replicate shards. To help with performance in read heavy clusters, we recommend setting the `realtime` parameter in these requests to `false`, especially with listed request types. For more information, see [Issue #8700](https://github.com/opensearch-project/OpenSearch/issues/8700).

Author: ```suggestion
1. Get, MultiGet, TermVector, and MultiTermVector requests serve strong reads by routing requests to the primary shards. This can hurt performance since more requests are handled by the primary shards compared to distributing requests across primary and replicate shards. To help with performance in read heavy clusters, we recommend setting the `realtime` parameter in these requests to `false`, especially with listed request types. For more information, see [Issue #8700](https://github.com/opensearch-project/OpenSearch/issues/8700).
```

> 1. Get, MultiGet, TermVector, and MultiTermVector requests serve strong reads by routing requests to the primary shards. Routing more requests to the primary shards may degrade performance compared to distributing requests across primary and replica shards. To improve performance in read-heavy clusters, we recommend setting the `realtime` parameter in these requests to `false`. For more information, see [Issue #8700](https://github.com/opensearch-project/OpenSearch/issues/8700).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Get, MultiGet, TermVector, and MultiTermVector requests serve strong reads by routing requests to the primary shards. Routing more requests to the primary shards may degrade performance as compared to distributing requests across primary and replica shards. To improve performance in read-heavy clusters, we recommend setting the `realtime` parameter in these requests to `false`. For more information, see [Issue #8700](https://github.com/opensearch-project/OpenSearch/issues/8700).
```

> 1. Get, MultiGet, TermVector, and MultiTermVector requests serve strong reads by routing requests to the primary shards. This can hurt performance since more requests are handled by the primary shards compared to distributing requests across primary and replicate shards. To help with performance in read heavy clusters, we recommend setting the `realtime` parameter in these requests to `false`, especially with listed request types. For more information, see [Issue #8700](https://github.com/opensearch-project/OpenSearch/issues/8700).

Reviewer 5: It would be better to provide the actual API operations for those requests (like `mget`, etc.)
```suggestion
1. Get, MultiGet, TermVector, and MultiTermVector requests serve strong reads by routing requests to the primary shards. Routing more requests to the primary shards may degrade performance compared to distributing requests across primary and replica shards. To improve performance in read-heavy clusters, we recommend setting the `realtime` parameter in these requests to `false`. For more information, see [Issue #8700](https://github.com/opensearch-project/OpenSearch/issues/8700).
```
